capital = 126

set_oob = "ENG"

set_research_slots = 4
set_variable = { accord_alignment_level = 4 } # accord member

set_variable = {
	var = ENG_syndicalist_tension_var
	value = -0.25
}

add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = ENG_syndicalist_resistance_modifier
}

universal_starting_techs = yes
entente_starting_techs = yes
canada_uk_starting_techs = yes
CAN_start_naval_variant = yes

126 = {
	set_state_flag = ENG_secured
}
123 = {
	set_state_flag = ENG_foreign_occupation
}
854 = {
	set_state_flag = ENG_foreign_occupation
}
127 = {
	set_state_flag = ENG_foreign_occupation
}
338 = {
	set_state_flag = ENG_foreign_occupation
}

add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = ENG_aftermath_of_the_blitz
}


### Dynamic Modifier Stuff ###

### Blitz Modifiers ###
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzConsumerGoods = 0.4 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzIndustrialFactory = -0.5 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzIndustrialDockyard = -0.5 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzMaxEfficiency = -0.3 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzEfficiencyGain = -0.3 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzConstructionSpeed = -0.4 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzRepairSpeed = -2.0 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzMinExport = -0.7 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzMonthlyPop = -0.4 }
set_variable = { ENG_BlitzFreeRepair = -1 }

########################################

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.2
set_country_flag = country_show_pm
set_convoys = 50

CAN = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_subject_autonomy_feature = yes
		}
		set_autonomy = {
			target = ENG
			autonomous_state = krg_joint_entente_mandate
		}
		else = {
			puppet = ENG
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1947.11.14"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarian_socialist = 18
    radical_socialist = 35
    social_democrat = 0
    revolutionary_republican = 5
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 39
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 3
}

country_event = { id = krg_eng.0 days = 1 }
country_event = { id = krg_eng.173 days = 1922 }
country_event = { id = krg_eng.266 days = 238 }
country_event = { id = krg_eng.250 days = 805 }
country_event = { id = krg_eng.259 days = 1106 }

country_event = { id = krg_engmil.10 days = 517 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.12 days = 2709 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.13 days = 3805 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.14 days = 4536 }

country_event = { id = krg_engmil.15 days = 975 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.16 days = 2101 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.17 days = 2466 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.18 days = 2831 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.19 days = 3562 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.20 days = 4292 }
country_event = { id = krg_engmil.21 days = 4658 }

set_country_flag = ENG_demlab_leader_herbert_morrison
set_country_flag = ENG_liberal_leader_herbert_samuel
set_country_flag = ENG_tory_leader_anthony_eden

### Starting Political Leaders ###
recruit_character = ENG_tom_wintringham
recruit_character = ENG_edward_viii
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_thurtle
recruit_character = ENG_Anthony_Ludovici

### Starting Army Commanders ###
recruit_character = ENG_alan_brooke
recruit_character = ENG_harold_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_claude_auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_colin_callander
recruit_character = ENG_charles_keightley
recruit_character = ENG_gordon_macmillan
recruit_character = ENG_john_crocker
recruit_character = ENG_john_harding
recruit_character = ENG_orde_wingate
recruit_character = ENG_richard_gale
recruit_character = ENG_richard_oconnor
recruit_character = ENG_robert_mansergh

### Starting Naval Admirals ###
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_denis_boyd
recruit_character = ENG_edward_neville_syfret
recruit_character = ENG_james_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_john_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_rhoderick_mcgrigor

### Ministers ###
recruit_character = ENG_Aneurin_Nye_Bevan
recruit_character = ENG_Evan_Durbin
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Morrison
#recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Gaitskell
recruit_character = ENG_Malcolm_MacDonald
#recruit_character = ENG_Ernest_Thurtle_hog
recruit_character = ENG_Herbert_Samuel
recruit_character = ENG_Megan_Lloyd_George
recruit_character = ENG_James_Henderson_Stewart_hog
#recruit_character = ENG_Clement_Davies
recruit_character = ENG_Anthony_Eden
#recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Macmillan
recruit_character = ENG_R_A_Butler
recruit_character = ENG_Oliver_Stanley 
#recruit_character = ENG_Alfred_Robens_foreign
#recruit_character = ENG_Aneurin_Nye_Bevan_foreign
#recruit_character = ENG_JB_Priestley
recruit_character = ENG_Jim_Griffiths
#recruit_character = ENG_Malcolm_MacDonald_foreign
recruit_character = ENG_Patrick_Gordon_Walker_foreign
recruit_character = ENG_Philip_John_Baker
#recruit_character = ENG_Emrys_Hughes
#recruit_character = ENG_Willie_Hamilton
#recruit_character = ENG_Frank_Pakenham
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Nicolson
recruit_character = ENG_Clement_Davies_foreign
#recruit_character = ENG_Jo_Grimond
recruit_character = ENG_John_Selwyn_Lloyd
#recruit_character = ENG_Violet_Bonham_Carter
#recruit_character = ENG_Alex_Douglas_Home
#recruit_character = ENG_Anthony_Nutting
recruit_character = ENG_Gerald_Isaacs
recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Macmillan_foreign
recruit_character = ENG_Samuel_Hoare
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Wood
#recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Ponsonby
recruit_character = ENG_Aneurin_Nye_Bevan_econ
#recruit_character = ENG_Barbara_Castle
#recruit_character = ENG_Harold_Wilson
recruit_character = ENG_Hilary_Marquand
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Gaitskell_econ
#recruit_character = ENG_Tony_Greenwood
#recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Greenwood
#recruit_character = ENG_Tony_Benn
#recruit_character = ENG_Ernest_Simon
#recruit_character = ENG_Richard_Stokes
recruit_character = ENG_William_Beveridge
#recruit_character = ENG_Alec_Beechman
#recruit_character = ENG_Andrew_Duncan
recruit_character = ENG_Archibald_Sinclair
#recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Bellenger
recruit_character = ENG_James_Henderson_Stewart
#recruit_character = ENG_Patrick_Shaw_Stewart
#recruit_character = ENG_Derick_Heathcoat_Amory
#recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Heath
recruit_character = ENG_Oliver_Lyttelton
recruit_character = ENG_Oliver_Stanley_econ
recruit_character = ENG_Peter_Thorneycroft
recruit_character = ENG_R_A_Butler_econ
#recruit_character = ENG_Reginald_Maudling
recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Cavendish
#recruit_character = ENG_Patrick_Buchan_Hepburn
#recruit_character = ENG_Frank_Soskice
recruit_character = ENG_Hartley_Shawcross
recruit_character = ENG_William_Jowitt
#recruit_character = ENG_Harry_Nathan
#recruit_character = ENG_Donald_Somervell
#recruit_character = ENG_James_Booth
recruit_character = ENG_Norman_Birkett
recruit_character = ENG_David_Maxwell_Fyfe
recruit_character = ENG_James_Reid
#recruit_character = ENG_Quintin_Hogg
#recruit_character = ENG_Gavin_Simonds
recruit_character = ENG_Geoffrey_Lawrence
recruit_character = ENG_Alfred_Robens
#recruit_character = ENG_Barbara_Castle_econ
recruit_character = ENG_Kenneth_Younger
#recruit_character = ENG_Patrick_Gordon_Walker
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_Acland
recruit_character = ENG_Frank_Pakenham_interior
#recruit_character = ENG_Harry_Nathan_interior
recruit_character = ENG_Gwilym_Lloyd_George
recruit_character = ENG_William_Mabane
#recruit_character = ENG_Enoch_Powell
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Brooke
#recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Lucas_Tooth
#recruit_character = ENG_Iain_Macleod
recruit_character = ENG_Randolph_Churchill
#recruit_character = ENG_Evelyn_Waugh
recruit_character = ENG_Maxwell_Knight_interior
#recruit_character = ENG_Edward_Travis
recruit_character = ENG_Roger_Hollis
#recruit_character = ENG_Kim_Philby
#recruit_character = ENG_Raymond_Fletcher
#recruit_character = ENG_Francis_Davidson
recruit_character = ENG_Percy_Stilltoe
#recruit_character = ENG_Victor_Rothschild
#recruit_character = ENG_Eric_Jones
recruit_character = ENG_Stewart_Menzies
#recruit_character = ENG_Valentine_Boucher
#recruit_character = ENG_Frederick_Beaumont_Nesbitt
recruit_character = ENG_John_Alexander_Sinclair
recruit_character = ENG_Richard_White
#recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Trevor_Roper
#recruit_character = ENG_Arthur_Shortt
#recruit_character = ENG_Douglas_Packard
#recruit_character = ENG_Oswald_Allen_Harker
#recruit_character = ENG_Maxwell_Knight
recruit_character = ENG_John_Amery
recruit_character = ENG_vacant_position

### Later Military Commanders ###
recruit_character = ENG_Henry_Foote
recruit_character = ENG_Hugh_Stockwell
recruit_character = ENG_James_Cassels
recruit_character = ENG_Geoffrey_Musson
recruit_character = ENG_John_Anderson
recruit_character = ENG_Robert_Bray
recruit_character = ENG_John_Mogg
recruit_character = ENG_William_Stirling
recruit_character = ENG_Geoffrey_Baker

add_ideas = {
	KRG_limited_exports
	KRG_civilian_economy
	KRG_immigration_heavy
	KRG_parliamentary_democracy
	ENG_legacy_of_the_maximists
	ENG_lingering_german_occupation
}

add_timed_idea = { idea = ENG_return_of_the_king  days = 100 }

add_ideas = {
	ENG_Anthony_Eden_hog_sco
}

country_event = { id = krg_eng_leader_event.1 days = 540 }
country_event = { id = krg_eng_leader_event.2 days = 1979 }