capital = 113
set_oob = "IRE"
set_convoys = 300
set_stability = 0.65
set_war_support = 0.4

add_ideas = {
	KRG_limited_conscription
	KRG_free_trade
	KRG_illiberal_democracy
	KRG_civilian_economy
	KRG_semi_professional_military
	KRG_immigration_light
	econ_moderate_taxation
	econ_no_business_spending
	econ_small_edu_spending
	econ_small_hc_spending
	econ_small_service_spending
	econ_tiny_inf_spending
}
universal_starting_techs = yes
reichspakt_starting_techs = yes

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_naval_oob = "IRE_naval_legacy"
}
if = {
    limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "IRE_naval"
}


set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1947.06.10"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes

}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarian_socialist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 5
    revolutionary_republican = 6
    social_liberal = 3
    market_liberal = 3
    social_conservative = 29
    authoritarian_democrat = 41
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 11
}


coal_add_pat_aut = yes

add_ideas = {
	IRE_collins_laws
	IRE_anti_socialism
	IRE_ulster_question
	IRE_anglo_irish_treaty
	IRE_reconstruction_1
	IRE_collectivized_economy_1
}
country_event = { id = krg_ire.1 days = 2 }
country_event = { id = krg_ire_elections.22 days = 993 }
country_event = { id = krg_ire_elections.1 days = 1131 }

set_variable = { reichspakt_alignment_level = 2 }

set_variable = { IRE_militia_division_cap = 6 }  
set_variable = { IRE_max_militia_division_cap = 24 }
set_variable = { IRE_militia_cap_increase = 4 }
set_variable = { IRE_airport_build = 0 }

set_variable = { IRE_1952_election_shift = 0 }

IRE_upgrade_template_and_divisions = yes
IRE_set_up_army_restructuring = yes

### Politicians ###
recruit_character = IRE_sean_murray
recruit_character = IRE_james_larkin_jr
recruit_character = IRE_roddy_connolly
recruit_character = IRE_william_norton
recruit_character = IRE_sean_macbride
recruit_character = IRE_joseph_blowick
recruit_character = IRE_sean_lemass
recruit_character = IRE_eamon_de_valera
recruit_character = IRE_richard_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_gearoid_O_cuinneagain

### Generals ###
recruit_character = IRE_liam_lynch
recruit_character = IRE_daniel_mckenna
recruit_character = IRE_liam_archer
recruit_character = IRE_hugo_macneill
recruit_character = IRE_tom_barry
recruit_character = IRE_james_steele
recruit_character = IRE_Edmund_Charles_Beard
recruit_character = IRE_Emmet_Dalton
recruit_character = IRE_Eric_Dorman_O_Gowan
recruit_character = IRE_Gerald_Templer
recruit_character = IRE_John_D_Arcy
recruit_character = IRE_Michael_Joseph_Costello
recruit_character = IRE_Noel_Holmes
recruit_character = IRE_Paddy_Mayne

recruit_character = IRE_seamus_o_muiris

recruit_character = IRE_william_p_delamere

### Ministers ###

recruit_character = IRE_harry_boland
recruit_character = IRE_kevin_o_higgins
recruit_character = IRE_patrick_mcgilligan
recruit_character = IRE_sean_mac_eoin
recruit_character = IRE_sean_mac_eoin_dummy
recruit_character = IRE_john_a_costello
recruit_character = IRE_dan_bryan
recruit_character = IRE_thomas_f_o_higgins
recruit_character = IRE_sean_t_o_kelly
recruit_character = IRE_frank_aiken
recruit_character = IRE_sean_macentee
recruit_character = IRE_oscar_traynor
recruit_character = IRE_james_everett
recruit_character = IRE_thomas_derrig
recruit_character = IRE_michael_donnellan
recruit_character = IRE_noel_browne
recruit_character = IRE_patrick_hogan
recruit_character = IRE_ernest_blythe
recruit_character = IRE_charles_bewley
recruit_character = IRE_patrick_moylett
recruit_character = IRE_cecil_lavery
recruit_character = IRE_alexander_mccabe
recruit_character = IRE_w_j_brennan_whitmore



add_ideas = {
	IRE_harry_boland_hog_ade
	IRE_kevin_o_higgins_fM_ade
	IRE_patrick_mcgilligan_em_ade
	IRE_sean_mac_eoin_jm_ade
	IRE_patrick_hogan_im_ade
	IRE_dan_bryan_hoi_ade
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	IRE_Start_Naval_Variants = yes
}