capital = 284

universal_starting_techs = yes
 entente_starting_techs = yes
set_research_slots = 3
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarian_socialist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 13
    revolutionary_republican = 0
    social_liberal = 7
    market_liberal = 5
    social_conservative = 17
    authoritarian_democrat = 38
    paternal_autocrat = 17
    national_populist = 3
}
### Starting National Leaders ###
recruit_character = NZL_alexander_galbraith
recruit_character = NZL_fintan_p_walsh
recruit_character = NZL_michael_j_savage
recruit_character = NZL_eruera_tirikatene
recruit_character = NZL_albert_e_davy
recruit_character = NZL_adam_hamilton
recruit_character = NZL_robert_c_begg

### Starting Field Marshals ###
recruit_character = NZL_john_evelyn_duigan

### Starting Corps Commanders ###
recruit_character = NZL_gh_clifton
recruit_character = NZL_william_gentry
recruit_character = NZL_james_hargest
recruit_character = NZL_edward_puttick
recruit_character = NZL_andrew_hamilton_russell
recruit_character = NZL_john_saunders

### Starting Naval Admirals ###
recruit_character = NZL_henry_horan
recruit_character = NZL_peter_phipps
recruit_character = NZL_william_edward_parry
recruit_character = NZL_george_haines_faulkner
