capital = 554
set_oob = SYR
set_research_slots = 2
universal_starting_techs = yes


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarian_socialist = 2
    radical_socialist = 3
    social_democrat = 8
    revolutionary_republican = 7
    social_liberal = 13
    market_liberal = 21
    social_conservative = 9
    authoritarian_democrat = 17
    paternal_autocrat = 13
    national_populist = 7
}

add_ideas = {
    KRG_limited_conscription
    KRG_export_focus
    KRG_authoritarian_system
    KRG_civilian_economy
    KRG_semi_professional_military
    KRG_immigration_light

    econ_high_taxation
    econ_small_business_spending
    econ_tiny_edu_spending
    econ_small_hc_spending
    econ_small_inf_spending
    econ_tiny_service_spending

    SYR_Egyptian_Condemnation
    SYR_SSNP_idea
    SYR_corruption
    SYR_discontent
    SYR_yishuv
}

coal_add_auth_dem = yes

country_event = {
    id = krg_syr.0
    days = 5
}

### Starting National Leaders ###
recruit_character = SYR_Bechara_El_Khoury
recruit_character = SYR_Akram_Al_Hawrani
recruit_character = SYR_Kamal_Jumblatt
recruit_character = SYR_shukri_alquwatli
recruit_character = SYR_Antoun_Saadeh
recruit_character = SYR_Husni_Al_Zaim
recruit_character = SYR_Mustafa_Al_Sibai
recruit_character = SYR_Khalid_Bakdash
recruit_character = SYR_Sami_Al_Hinnawi #also fm
recruit_character = SYR_Juliette_El_Mir_Saadeh

### Starting Field Marshals ###
recruit_character = SYR_sultan_alatrash

### Starting Corps Commanders ###
recruit_character = SYR_hrant_maloyan
recruit_character = SYR_aram_karamanoukian
recruit_character = SYR_haitham_kaylani
recruit_character = SYR_fawzi_selu
recruit_character = SYR_anwar_bannud
recruit_character = SYR_salah_jadid
recruit_character = SYR_ghassan_jadid
recruit_character = SYR_fakhri_al_barudi
recruit_character = SYR_suhay_al_ashi
recruit_character = SYR_abdullah_atfeh
recruit_character = SYR_subhi_al_omari
recruit_character = SYR_mohammed_safa
recruit_character = SYR_jamil_ramadan
recruit_character = SYR_adib_bin_hassan_alshishakli

### Starting Navy Admirals ###
recruit_character = SYR_ibrahim_hananu
