capital = 122

set_research_slots = 3
universal_starting_techs = yes
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarian_socialist = 0
    radical_socialist = 4
    revolutionary_republican = 5
    social_democrat = 31
    social_liberal = 12
    market_liberal = 24
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 8
    paternal_autocrat = 4
    national_populist = 2
}

### Starting National Leaders ###
recruit_character = WAL_david_lewis
recruit_character = WAL_clement_davies
recruit_character = WAL_aneurin_nye_bevan
recruit_character = WAL_sir_watkin_williamswynn
recruit_character = WAL_saunders_lewis
recruit_character = WAL_aj_cook
recruit_character = WAL_will_paynter
recruit_character = WAL_gwilym_prysdavies
recruit_character = WAL_gwynfor_evans
recruit_character = WAL_david_prosser

### Starting Field Marshals ###

### Starting Corps Commanders ###
recruit_character = WAL_wilfred_bailey
recruit_character = WAL_morys_bruce
recruit_character = WAL_malcolm_douglaspennant
recruit_character = WAL_tasker_watkins
recruit_character = WAL_ivor_rees
recruit_character = WAL_hubert_william_lewis
recruit_character = WAL_edward_thomas_chapman
recruit_character = WAL_robert_james_bye
recruit_character = WAL_john_oliver
recruit_character = WAL_tom_evans
recruit_character = WAL_emrys_jones
recruit_character = WAL_archie_cook
recruit_character = WAL_goff_price
recruit_character = WAL_sid_james
recruit_character = WAL_edwin_greening
recruit_character = WAL_evan_lloyd
recruit_character = WAL_billy_griffiths
recruit_character = WAL_evan_jones
recruit_character = WAL_morris_davies


### Starting Naval Admirals ###
